watching the 02 Arsenal vodcast
arsene wenger has summed up the
importance of Sunday's 2-1 victory at
Stamford Bridge it's a massive game
because we were 10 points behind charity
and to come back to seven points of
course is important but was a big test
for us of character quality and the fact
that you're one-nil down scoring an own
goal and came back strong I think the
team deserves a lot of credit cesc
fabregas says the win over chelsea will
mean nothing unless arsenal can maintain
their form in the weeks and months to
come we said before the game that we
could start a new thing here you know
like a neo momentum and that what we
want to do we started well but now you
know if we don't do the same the next
game this is not worth it so what we
want to do is be competitive again every
game and see where we can go until the
end of the scene
bacary sagna has spent much of the past
year learning English but the Arsenal
right back was on more familiar ground
last week Sonya visited Arsenal's French
double club at Christ the King Roman
Catholic school in Islington to give the
students some useful tips in the
classroom and on the football pitch are
so calm Stecklein Taylor caught up with
the key people involved starting with
the Arsenal man himself back first let's
talk about the double club seems like
these visits or something you really
enjoy yeah of course I was a child
before and in my life I'd like to see
some great people today they have the
opportunity to with this an awesome idea
it's great for me and I'm very happy to
be here and how useful can learning a
second language Bay to be very good
today you have to speak a lot of
languages you have to know a lot of
things to to speak on all over the world
and to settle as well when I first
arrived right or I could speak a bit now
I'm I'm better because you can relate to
these children there they're learning a
new language from scratch just like you
did when you came to Italy yeah exactly
the same I was a child now with with my
mate and with all the people I I learn
more english and i can speak better now
cause I'm it's always easier to learn
when the they are small and that's a
better way to run today and maybe
Arsenal's the perfect club for the
scheme because of all the big French
community at the club
of course we are maybe seventy-five
percent of French people in the club and
that's good because we we can we can
learn other other type of of way of life
and we can learn as well other languages
we have the poor opportunity to to speak
French and that's good for them dudee
for those you might not know you just
tell us a little bit about the French
double club so the French double club is
a program that we do with an primary and
secondary schools the way it works is
that pupils get 90 minutes just like a
football game they get 45 minutes in the
classroom learning French but with
football resources and then they have 45
minutes of football coaching but with
the instructions of the coach all done
in the language so French Spanish German
and you think that combination of French
and football helps them to excel in both
yeah definitely I think learning
languages and well it's quite hard to
motivate and especially secondary school
children and to learn languages and I
think having football as a motivation is
is key Marilyn how important you think
it is to get a foundation in a second
language at an early age well at an
early age children have the attention
span is so so great that they can
actually learn to three different
languages and the sooner they start the
better and scientific experiments have
proven that the sooner we start the
easier it becomes to learn one language
23 and Julie how much do you think they
really respond to me in a premiership
player I mean they clearly really enjoy
it I think today has been fantastic
because they actually get the
opportunity to interview battery Sonia
asking all those questions they've been
practicing in class put to put all the
vocabulary to the test with a real real
Arsenal player I think it's been really
motivational and they've really enjoyed
it
ah
you